Gwenevere Abriel: Check, check.
Jay: Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi. Good morning. How's our sound quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: This morning. Can you hear me okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, excellent. Um, so just now. I had in my mind, and I could be wrong that you have court later today.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I thought, real quick. If you would like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can do that piece like this is what I'd ask if you want to purchase fiction letter quick and I send it to your PO via email.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have his, his her email address.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you like that idea. I'm going to ask you to log into your email. I'm assuming you do everything from this device you're on right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, ma'am. Alright, so I'm see that pull that up. Oh, take a snap. That's nice. Take a snap on your phone. Whoa. Gonna hair typically me I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a snap on your phone and text it to me. And then so i'm i'm going to be really specific right now, you may want to grab a pen and paper because we're going to knock this baby out, it's going to get done.
Jay: Okay, I'm ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I want you to you're going to take a picture of that card and I want you to send me an email.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm assuming you have my email. But if not, I'm going to be texting a tea right now.
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is what I wanted to say something like this. You can use your own words. But these pieces are important because I really need to hear it in writing from you. I'm very conservative with disclosures. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gwen, please send
Gwenevere Abriel: Participation letter to my PO and state, the first and last name. You know I not looking at it right now. I'm going to go look at your release, but put the first and last name at and then
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, write out the the email that I'm going to be sending it to
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's not think it was in the release. And have you done it with me. I would have held your hand and said, make sure the emails in there. And because I'm really precise about things. It's my
Gwenevere Abriel: I just been doing this too long. Yeah. So if you go do that. And then, oh, I'm texting you from doing
Here we go. Jay,
Gwenevere Abriel: Then it's G A B r IB Gabriel
And
B RI GH T, who does said bright
Gwenevere Abriel: Health com so right quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know, it's funny, just a little joke you know in in group. I was like, you don't remember what you were doing. And you're like, No, dude, you were throwing up, I've never seen anyone do that like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude, you are Harland and I just sat there going,
Jay: Comes it comes out of nowhere, sometime
Gwenevere Abriel: And I was like, Well, so much for the advocacy of the belly breathing just made my client hurl
Gwenevere Abriel: Do it and you're like,
Gwenevere Abriel: You couldn't remember but I'm not going to bring it up. I mean, it's your story to tell. If you want to tell it, but I was like
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't remember what you did you like no. And I'm like, Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Jay: Two months almost
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude. Okay, let me just say this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's real quick. I want to get this done for you so you get what you need for court. So you'd have it in a text right now, I want you to go send me an email that says that when please send a participation letter to this.
Gwenevere Abriel: To his name my P O named blah de blah and email address, blah, blah. And
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to keep my eye out for it while you're doing that, I'm going to be checking the release and also writing it. I have one up here. Okay, you can log out here for me to probably
Jay: Oh, I'll just click down, you could probably still hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do what you gotta do. Okay, if you log out. That's fine too. I'm just going to get right in here.
Jay: So send me an email, not your text, please.
Okay.
March.
Jay: I probably won't be able to get an email address to later this afternoon.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might miss your court date with it then.
Jay: By eight o'clock is whenever I'll be able to talk to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, eight in the morning.
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that'll that'll be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so you don't know the email. So it's not on either of those pieces of paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not, not on the not on the card and it's not in that document that said you needed to attend an I. O. P.
Jay: Hmm. There's no email address at all.
Jay: You have a fax number
Jay: He just got he just got
Jay: You just went to training. So he just barely got his official
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. If that doesn't work, then he'll have a supervisor that he can have an email from, you know, just stay just to say, hey, this is how they want to do it and then just say we're looking for an email.
Gwenevere Abriel: That we can send it to him that they'll get it for you. I mean, not in the dark ages that got to have an email address.
Jay: Yeah, this one. I just don't know. Yeah.
Jay: Just Justin. Justin Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got one of these names, it doesn't. I can't find it easily.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, yes, or Williamson.
Jay: No, just Williams.
Williams.
Are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes I can find you so easily.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm going to go into doc documents, remember seeing something
Gwenevere Abriel: Please of information march 2 to review that we see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Justin Williams, we see Weston cuz piece now P S and Al at phone number 575-626-5229
Jay: Yep, that's right.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mister
Jay: Yesterday, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: A
Gwenevere Abriel: Probation Officer or parole.
Jay: Probation okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me when you sent that email, just let me know.
Jay: I'm almost done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool, cool, cool.
Jay: It should be on its way.
Gwenevere Abriel: The name on this document.
Gwenevere Abriel: Justin Allen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Williams.
Jay: Coming your way.
Gwenevere Abriel: your date of birth.
Date of birth.
Gwenevere Abriel: CHRISTMAS, BABY, Sagittarius prop 2787
So you don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever get to do
The
Gwenevere Abriel: 1227 87 that's a birthday right 2787
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, well, okay, let me go check when you listen gold in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: hasn't quite gotten here you sent it through text or via email.
Jay: Email
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. I'll go over there in a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: My doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Forget I'm doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I doing right I probably did of course. Oh, I know I'm doing. Do you did your MP
MP. MP. MP. MP. MP
Gwenevere Abriel: It was February 7 Mr Justin LM remains enroll the right heart health outpatient program for medication assisted treatment. Mr.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me add
Gwenevere Abriel: Coffee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has been receiving prescription buprenorphine you're taking regular Suboxone right
Gwenevere Abriel: Or are you taking
Jay: Some model and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's an odd. Yeah, okay, I'll take I'll just take the
Gwenevere Abriel: Take the brand out. Doesn't matter. It's the buprenorphine is the active ingredient since his you are not a her Are you don't think you identify as a her that change that I keep an eye on me his admission on approximately. And then we just said it was to seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: We said, February.
Gwenevere Abriel: February February 2
Gwenevere Abriel: Ooh okay of opioid dependence on complicated. Mr. Justin has consistently engaged in individual and group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: As well as effectively communicate his
Gwenevere Abriel: Medication concerns during weekly scheduled and medication managers are with Doctor your doctor is dead, or all women.
Jay: All the menu.
Gwenevere Abriel: lol I me and that's MD.
MD.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, Mr booboo has demonstrated compliance was making
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you provided a drug screen to us.
Jay: Yes. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, just take pique pique pique pique pique
Me see
Screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two, three.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have any questions. Okay. So we're going to take a look at this and you need to proofread it make sure I didn't call you a her call you by some other name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm prone to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I used to used to looking at this document I skim over okay so got march 12 all day yesterday so probation officer, Mr Western piece now.
Gwenevere Abriel: This letter is to inform you that Mr. Justin Ellen, date of birth, this remains enrolled in bright heart health outpatient program for medication assisted treatment you breathe in a radiation is MIT.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mr. Williams has been receiving a prescription of buprenorphine senses admission on approximately approximately February 2 20 2020 diagnosis of OBO dependence on complicated
Gwenevere Abriel: Mr. Williams has consistently engaging individual, group therapy as well as effectively communicate this medication concerns during weekly schedule medication services with Dr. Solomon MD.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mr. Williams has demonstrated compliance with program expectations and is making effective progress in the early because you're just starting
Gwenevere Abriel: Phase of his treatment towards resolving his treatment plan goals and objectives, the group schedule is set.
Gwenevere Abriel: But individual session times vary based on scheduled the clinician and the participant that's you client has been compliant with random drug screening request should you have further than ask Does that meet the need
Jay: Yes, ma'am. Thank you. You're welcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so now it is got your thing thing thing here we say save file say okay now. So that's the document that will go go go to
I gotta get a signature.
Is got one of those floating around somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I've gotta drop a signature on that I'm
Think I've got one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do that. I'm okay. I'm going to go in my email. See if you sent me the what's
Let's
See what you said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Refresh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here be. Here we go. And can you present a participation to Western post know my POS and his email to you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so yeah. What you can do is either ideally soon as you get it, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Take that email that you sent and forward it to me with
Jay: His new
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, his email, you can even include him in it. You can see see him, and you can sort of see this conversation started this morning. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can kind of see that you you've been working on that. Okay. And you can always say, Listen, you know, bright heart needed to get released for information and then, you know, the reality is, Jay. I wanted to see if you would continue to attend services before I wrote the letter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Access
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, come on. I want to be able to say something positive that you're showing up for him. You doing what you need to do. And, you know, you really are even showed up when you're sec
Gwenevere Abriel: That's recorded to
Gwenevere Abriel: Real I'm seeing chunks. Okay, there goes this breakfast, you must be losing a lot of weight.
Jay: Bad yeah this was a lot of lost about 20 pounds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, not not healthy. We need you guys Healthy. Healthy. Healthy
Gwenevere Abriel: Way hoping figure out what's going on with that. Okay, what am I doing again I've checked that have written a letter. I'm just going to track down my signature and you're the end there. I'm just gonna write a signature.
Now let's get into
Freezing
Jay: Cold
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I turned up the air.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now I need it too cold.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me get into note for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I actually want to see the card.
Gwenevere Abriel: Western ration. Oh, it's probation, parole officer. Okay. Yeah.
Alright, so
Too far away.
Gwenevere Abriel: nosing around. Have you had a chance. Let's say someone irritated you in the family. Someone irritated. You work, I think, are one in the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you had an opportunity to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, let me use this bottom up emotional regulation technique of belly breathing. Have you remembered it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's usually the first is of them being able to use it. We've got to be able to remember it first. So it is going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: An important regulation piece for you. So we'll just go
Gwenevere Abriel: For a minute and talk about kind of what this last week was like, I mean, let me into your world a little bit. I don't even know if your life is a roller coaster. If it's just this even keel. Everything's very predictable, or is there just chaos and
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what it's like being yo
Jay: Oh well right now, everything's pretty slow.
Jay: It's the first time I've gotten sober in a long time.
Jay: And
Jay: I don't know. I got physical therapy twice a week, my livers not doing too good. I kind of feel like, you know, I stopped doing drugs, but now my hell's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay, well it right
Gwenevere Abriel: You stop doing drugs and health is going down, stop doing drugs isn't the cause of health going down the starting of the drugs is the health going down the problem. You see it live. You gotta be careful what we're saying to ourselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so is what you're telling me you're starting to have some feelings about the implications of that history of substance use you starting to think about it and it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What do you think about. Let me hear how your thought process.
Jay: Sometimes I try to justify to myself that I could use again and I'll get caught, and I'm just really proud of myself for not listening to my show.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how you're saying that listening to myself, you've been, I think, you tell me, have you been hearing me talk about the distinction
Gwenevere Abriel: In group and an individual therapy. I don't know what I've taught you yet. What I haven't around, there's sort of two selves. The voice of the addict, the bullshit or the liar, the con artists.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right DRUG DEALER, THE WHOLE DEAL. Right. The one that will lie, cheat, steal, to get that
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there's you
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's you. The, the authentic self as you is Jay. So if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're catching the thoughts of justification. Hey, listen, we can do it once. Come on, we're good at this with it once ain't gonna hurt anyone. That's the addict. That's the voice of the addict. That's not your true self. That's not the one that that cares about
Gwenevere Abriel: That those drugs have made you no doesn't care about you only cares about hijacking whenever you're feeling miserable. It's like he's miserable. This is great. This is how I get in. This is how I get to him if he's feeling ashamed. That's how I get to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: He just doesn't want to be himself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got leverage to get him to go use. That's all I care about.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is not a voice that I want you to hear and over time. I'm hoping you'll hear it less and less and that your argument back because you said I didn't listen, I heard you say that just now. I didn't listen
Gwenevere Abriel: So it says to you, you can go yes you'll feel better. How does it sound. Tell me, how does the voice sound in your head.
Jay: Yeah, I mean, you know, whenever I go get high on my pain goes away.
Jay: But that's, I mean, that's just the quick fix for what's going on right now. The long run issue destroyed my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, I'm going to circle back to this inner dialogue, you have because, first I want to just do a little fact check
Gwenevere Abriel: The attic says
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't be sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more about that because that part. I don't understand how is it that a heroin or percocet will help you not be sick like
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what I'm trying to get out.
Jay: Yeah.
Because the Suboxone
Gwenevere Abriel: isn't even stickier opiate receptor, you know, we've got these little receptors. HERE ARE SHORT ACTING opiate stays on there. What I mean how often you have to get another fix every few hours or what
Gwenevere Abriel: POP RIGHT OFF.
Gwenevere Abriel: But these the buprenorphine. That's why it can last right it's a long acting treatment for cancer patients right it's taken once a day, so it sits on these opiate receptors in it, it hangs on all day doesn't want to come off sticky stays on there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's long acting that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Great because you don't have to be out hustling and for me as your behavioral therapist right I'm thrilled because it means that three or four times a day when you were having to go chase after that call off from work, lot of people make excuses be scheming on how you're going to score.
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't be doing that you'll take it once a day, you'll take it and then you'll be left with you dealing with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That habit of
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, going and chasing that won't be there. That's what I like about it. There are doctors and I think Dr. Solomon is one of them that still has his, his clients taking doses three times a day, twice a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's something I'm going to want to continue to explore with you. I work with Dr. Aubrey Ellen. She doesn't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this way we get to really find out what the true doses. So the full dose gets in your bloodstream. And I'm wondering if that's part of why you're throwing up is you're not getting the full dose in your bloodstream. Anyway, very complicated. I can't overstep
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're being treated by Dr. Solomon so
Gwenevere Abriel: But I have been working with Dr Arielle for over it'll be three years in June and her way. I don't hear this stuff here describing
Do you know
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's why I'm zeroing in on this sick thing. I'm just wondering if you're getting enough of the buprenorphine. I'm wondering if you have some so you take you take your Santos, or whatever the that is a doctor ready or whatever. And you've still got
Gwenevere Abriel: Even a couple receptors going, Hey, I'm going to make you sick. If you don't dumb a right, gimme, gimme. So what I don't know is what's kind of that chemical chemistry that's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's between you and your doctor.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I just wanted to throw that out there that there is a real difference in the way I'm watching these, these two doctors dispense the medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you want to explore that with your doctor and say, Hey, I'm wondering, what if I took the full dose in the beginning of the day, what would happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's something you've ever try
Gwenevere Abriel: Or do you already know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You haven't done it. Okay, how many milligrams, you're spreading out throughout the day.
Jay: I take an eight in the morning and anything that
Gwenevere Abriel: You do realize you're not getting the 16, which is what you need in your bloodstream. Right. You're never you're never filling these receptors.
Jay: I thought that that would be too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, so watch how exciting. Would it be that it is probably way too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it. That's what happens. So then, so that's that's a great point you just made. So what ends up happening is
Gwenevere Abriel: You take the
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are like
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, zombie right you're so fatigued, then you say your doctor 16 is too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you find out it really isn't 16
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't 16 that's not the amount that needs to be in your bloodstream and so guess what later on when you and I kind of work it out. We say, okay, you've got enough coping skills you're really able to sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Address negative emotions on your own, you're reaching out to healthy support you have emotional regulation skills you've got some healthy
Gwenevere Abriel: Healthy cognitive reframes and then we say, Okay, let's go for it. Let's, let's come down maybe half a milligram
Gwenevere Abriel: For the next two weeks, meaning. Let's do every day for two weeks and see how you feel, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's an a predictable way things kind of go but but that's a great point you just made that would be too much yeah 16 would be too much so.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is not a go do it thing. This is a you gotta work this out with your doctor if this is something you want to do, but I'm going to tell you as your therapist, the fact that you are still taking a substance twice a day reinforces the addict behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: It continues to habituate this thing where we're taking something
Gwenevere Abriel: I want is few of those as possible. And the nice thing about the morning is we do a lot of water ritual in the morning. I mean, like, of all the things we do. Right, good grief so many things to do in the morning list List, list. And that's just another one of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's something about in the evening that it's a bit more like self medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean. So I just, I just want to kind of share my thoughts around that, that it's that much more difficult for us working on the treatment goals that have to do with eventually having a life that substance free
Gwenevere Abriel: The addict loves it, that you're, you're still having that behavior that routine of reaching for something outside yourself it loves it. I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm I'm on Jay side I'm on the side that you can do this that we can build up the skills will work through trauma history if you decided to do that and
Gwenevere Abriel: Get your life back or maybe figure out who you are, maybe for the first time, and I think that'd be pretty neat because a lot of people when you've had this kind of you've had so much
Gwenevere Abriel: disruption in your development. It's called kind of complex trauma developmental trauma that you may when I say who is Jay, you might be like Fuck a vinyl
Gwenevere Abriel: So anyway, I just thought I'd share have a strong opinion about things, but I'm also at the same time, I have to accept it, you know, everybody's treating approaches. It's a little different.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's say, first thing we notice is Jay didn't remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you also didn't remember that you are hurling chunks that morning, either. So what I'm wondering is if there's a negative association that's now linked with that belly breathing because you were throwing up. So that's an unfortunate organic
Gwenevere Abriel: Offering conditioning. This just happens that's inconvenient. I want you to have a positive experience so that it's not, you know, so that you can actually remember it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know that. I'll go over that again today. I'm afraid to start throwing up again on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll find another time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, um, that's what I call an all do a lot of repetition and be like a broken record, but you'll start to get familiar with some of the terminology that's a bottom up intervention means we're working with the viscera your organs.
Gwenevere Abriel: The Vegas nerve to send a signal up to the brain that you're in a calm, relaxed body that was a bottom up intervention, maybe this morning, we can work on a top down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's like your thoughts. We can go in here. So let's circle back to this you know that inner voice that you had the addict. The one that said
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't be sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you hear some information just now that maybe there's more information that you maybe need around feeling sick.
Jay: Yeah.
Jay: I don't know. I wish I could find out what it was. It started before I got on this program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it sounds like its associated maybe with some of the other conditions that you've developed
But
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you throwing up like that when you were taking heroin, you were, you were taking heroin or doing heroin. At one point, right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll just say the short acting opiate
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you throwing up into and not dope sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you were not
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she did say just now. I was, I had this before I was on buprenorphine. You said that right before so
Jay: Yes, I went in, I got an ultrasound of my liver and they did a blood test because they were concerned. They're scoring on my liver and they're thinking that that's what's making me sick. I got to see a gastroenterologist and the head speech specialist
Jay: In May may well be.
Gwenevere Abriel: So again, if I, if
Gwenevere Abriel: If, if you're having a conversation with the addict. What do you say back to him when he says, You weren't sick when you were on heroin.
Jay: What did I, or what do I now but
Gwenevere Abriel: What can you say one
Jay: Medical i don't know i don't know i don't know myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So cute. Oh, you're going to do some really good things in here and I can see
Gwenevere Abriel: That and I can see that you doing it anyway. You still talking to yourself. There's. Think of it as a thought. It's just a thought you have opposite thoughts go use don't use all I do is make it
Gwenevere Abriel: I give it label, I give it a label SOMEONE ELSE COULD SAY, I'M negative thought and unloving side doesn't matter what we label things
Gwenevere Abriel: Call this a pretzel. I'm still going to write with it and it's gonna be the same color.
Gwenevere Abriel: Call this the salt you call it what you want. I'm going to write with it. Am I going to eat it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just a label. We don't want to get too hung up on that. It's just, it gives you an eye, a language to flow and communicate so I can see my note that I actually introduced this to you last week. But again, it makes me think that maybe you were in so much distress and maybe some other
Gwenevere Abriel: Possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're just kind of. Yes, ma'am. And me. Yes, ma'am, yes ma'am, I just can't get through this.
Gwenevere Abriel: First time. Okay. So yeah, I do some pop quizzes, just see if people are actually listening. All right. Um, but I do really strongly believe in this, it's, it's a pretty neat thing because and you'll recognize it and group to when when people will say, yeah, they my attic voice was like
Gwenevere Abriel: Was coming up and I countered it with, you know, you gave me this disease. You gave me Pepsi you sob like you. You can't be polite to the attic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: And sometimes you'll even see me do a role play where a whole half of the group will be arguing one side and and the other group of people will be, you know, the authentic loving
Gwenevere Abriel: Part of ourselves and there'll be this whole argument, back and forth. And you'll hear people be so nice and polite to be added. Oh, I'm just timing isn't good right now. Come back later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come back later. No, we need to be nasty firm and clear with that voice. Get out of here. Now y'all want to be all nice. You know what you do when you're nice to that voice again you leave the door open.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no. I know this is new to you. But the more I talk about it, the more you will think it's quite so silly. Maybe they'll feel more like fun, and it's more, you know, it doesn't have to be this heavy
Gwenevere Abriel: Drama thing it can be kind of light hearted, you know, people tend to absorb information more readily over not disgusted by something when we're not repulsed by it. So I like to include some playfulness. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me. Um, let's see, we've got no pain. Alright, so what you were saying. Also, one of the points that the addict inside of you. You're out of voice was making was you won't feel pain and you won't be sick. Those were it's too powerful, wait, come on, come over here the dark side and
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more about. There's no pain.
Jay: Um, I was in a motorcycle accident when I was younger and I twisted my spine and I've been having problems with it all my life in 2013 I was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis and that's when it really started hitting my back.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, is this how much pain are you in today. Let's say from zero to 10
Jay: I'm usually between six and an eight day
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you were
Gwenevere Abriel: using heroin and this is the tricky bit
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if you are functional or laid out in bed using where you have real functioning where you actually go into work. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And what was your pain then
Jay: I mean, we go down to three, four.
Jay: Was so bad. Sometimes, it wouldn't be a hero what that was for maybe an hour mode.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can see why this is seductive. I can see why this voice is seductive, and it's got your attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: But did you notice that conversation I had earlier that you might not be getting enough of the analgesia in your bloodstream.
Jay: With me
Gwenevere Abriel: analgesia is a term. It's a pain reliever. I'll pull it up to you and see you don't think I'm making it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if I spell it. But I just say
Gwenevere Abriel: Cheese sick, she's sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Friend North mean
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So buprenorphine was introduced in the early 1980s as an opioid analgesics in Europe and subsequently for the treatment of opioid addiction in France in 1980s fixes will us
Gwenevere Abriel: For the trivia know opioid addiction maintenance program you're kind of in your you're in one of those
Gwenevere Abriel: And for the treatment of chronic pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so just the word analgesic
Gwenevere Abriel: Good for us to know what we're doing right
Definition
Gwenevere Abriel: analgesic. Let's see what they got definition by Webster Merriam Webster an agent introducing diminish sensation to pain without loss of consciousness, like drug that is used to relieve pain and produce analgesia opioid analgesics so
Gwenevere Abriel: Aspirin acetaminophen opioids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well for you. It is an amazing
Gwenevere Abriel: Invention. I mean, right. It's been around for a long time, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a powerful pain relief.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have a wicked combination
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you see that it isn't just when I hack away at the underlying emotional distress and coping skills. We're also going to be having to add pain management techniques.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I happen to think you might not be getting enough buprenorphine in your system.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because an eight really high in pain. Now there's another just to add even more complexity to this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This was really going to blow your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if I can spell hyper analgesia. But I'm going to try
Gwenevere Abriel: Today is just all about education. I guess one
Gwenevere Abriel: Other great words to know
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi for allergies.
Jay: Good.
Jay: I am a junior
Gwenevere Abriel: This is another word here. I don't know if this is the best spot for them to see what they got here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, look at this. This is going to blow your mind. Look at this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hyper algae's. Yes. So you already know that Jesus is like the ability to relieve pain right we just covered analgesic. That's an opioid that's a Tylenol acetaminophen Piper LG Xia hyper Jesus because a conditional our person development increase sensitivity to pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean come on what may hurt most people can cause significant in individual hyperplasia.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what this one says, can be very difficult for a doctor to diagnose different types of it exists. Doctors have a variety of theories regarding white people experience it. Researchers are also studying and potential genetic link closely resembles both drug tolerance and drug withdrawals.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this one doesn't, then I just see, there are several nerve or pain pathways in the body where signals can start to miss communicate with each other as I, resulting in this condition.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some scientists think that this occurs when chemicals known through this pain. Hello opioid are disrupted and there are others.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so this is like as if you don't have it bad enough, the short version of this, and you can look it up. But the short version. The one that I teach anyway. Is this
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry to say to those of you who have been taking opioids for a long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can literally make the pain worse.
Jay: And I know
Gwenevere Abriel: It's mind boggling. I know. And so I don't know if you'll see and you'll read you'll read on your own. If you get curious about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot of unknowns about it, but the theory that Dr. Ariel talks about anyway. Is this
Gwenevere Abriel: My original pain was here I broken wrist. I'm making it up. But you can see this part of my body. I want to show my foot is too hard and not that flexible so
Gwenevere Abriel: If my pains here when I originally broke my wrist. It got the signal. Yeah. You know, you got a signal to the brain, there's pain here. Now the injury I I kept taking opiates and I took it too long. I like for me. I use it for the wrong reason. What of what of what of
Gwenevere Abriel: And now there's no new injury. There's no new injuries healed. It's, it's two years later.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no more signaling.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the loop in my brain. I don't know where it is. I don't have that slide up right but it's believed that the loop stays that there's a signal closed loop, it's just in the brain anymore. It's not coming from the rest.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's circling back and forth closed loop saying there's pain, there's pain, there's pain. There's actually no tissue pain. There's no pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about the people I have some clients that are missing limbs.
Have pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that's not an example of this. I don't know what else to tell you. We have a closed loop that happens that this pain is still there. And not only that regular pain like
Gwenevere Abriel: I stub my toe will stubbed toe, that hurts everybody but you know what I mean. Oh, paper cut. Well, those hurt to something else that's benign, really, it's not a big deal, but you're going to experience an eight or I'm going to experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to be like, oh, this sucks. I'm it. Think about it. Think about the pain. How about assessment, you look at your sensitivity hyper notice the word hyper means more hyper pain responsive. Lucky you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So seriously when that attics, like, Come on, baby. Everything's going to be good. There's nothing good.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing good about going back to heroin. There's nothing good about it. The only thing wants to do is kill the host to understand it doesn't think if I keep doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This body that I'm living in this Jay might die doesn't care. It's like those you know those worms that feed on us, or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's gonna kill the post. Do you know what a host is like, yeah, it's on us the organism doesn't have a consciousness that it's it's killing the very thing it needs to survive. It only cares that you continue to use does not have a moral compass only has seduction.
Gwenevere Abriel: And its fuel is your fear and shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have strong opinions about the matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're going to hear me sometimes say, Okay, what's coming up for you and you might identify shame you might say there's a part of me that I don't want to tell you about, there's a part of me. There's a part of my history. I don't want to tell anyone, or I feel not good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I get a really want to work with that because it's what's feeling the continuation and existence.
Gwenevere Abriel: It loves it when you're ashamed because in order for shame to survive, you have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay secret. You can't share with people, the wrongs that you've done, let's say, or the harm that you've done, or the things that you the mistakes you perceive you've made.
Gwenevere Abriel: It loves it that you keep a secret.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will be inviting you to risk with yourself owning some things that you think we're kind of crummy because guess what, now you're not in shame. What you are is in regular healthy guilt, you and I, we have to have responsibility. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got to be able to say I stole I lied. I manipulated icon. Do I sold you drugs when you were pregnant. I've got to be able to own that. And guess what I'm free. I'm free because now in my attic talks to me, you know, and I say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you can't leverage shame against me mofo because I already owned it. I named it I shared it, I am accepting it slowly each day and I am slowly forgiving myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm doing a lot of talking and I see some head nod, but I do not know what's going in. Tell me more about
Jay: I'm just thinking about where I was just last year at this time.
Jay: There's a lot of a lot of things that I've changed in my life to make the changes that I have, but I'm still not where I want to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what do you like about who you are today.
Jay: I mean I'm trustworthy.
Jay: And that's it, really. I mean, I lost a lot of trust with my family and that's
Jay: Really what I was trying to work on. When I got out.
That
Gwenevere Abriel: You're trustworthy. So in other words,
Gwenevere Abriel: you value your word you say. I'm going to be somewhere, God willing, you know, barring an earthquake kind of thing. Yeah, I'll be there. I'm gonna be there and I saw you demonstrate that. So your credibility, right, that you are sick and you showed up anyway I means a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: In here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You showed up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You say you're going to do something.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to make every effort to do it does. Sometimes it's unavoidable. We really can't. And we're humans and we genuinely do miss schedule forget
Gwenevere Abriel: We can be just we have such good intentions and we're so excited about it and it can still happen because we're human, but every intention was to follow through that you value your word and it matters.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a big deal. Tell me how you were untrustworthy. You mean a story of how you were untrustworthy.
Jay: chick fil a chick for my brother in law. My sister to buy a floor jack
Jay: My intentions were to pay it back. But I got locked up before I was able to pay it back. Well, I didn't tell them about it. So they thought somebody stole their checkbook.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Jay: They called it, they called the cops and that's what I'm going to court. Yeah, when they found the I use my own ID. I use my own name.
Jay: I was just borrow. I was borrowing the basically they were visiting Florida and I couldn't get ahold of them I was living with them at the time.
Jay: But that, you know, I should have that wasn't trustworthy and need to go through this shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: I stole their check it's not borrow. If we don't ask right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, took it. Now, right now, as you say it to me. We're almost close to strangers. I mean we barely know each other. Are you noticing your body get
Gwenevere Abriel: Tension anywhere as you're telling this truth.
Jay: Yeah.
Jay: Where my back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Mm hmm. It's right there's a connection your backs connected right to your brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: The body is going to respond very quickly. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has work to be done around that that part of your body. Okay, excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you come to speak with sister and brother and all of them and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I own I should have asked you. And in fact, I didn't ask you because I figured you say now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you sent us. Oh.
Jay: No, I wouldn't apologize. I know what I did was wrong and I apologize for it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But did you say that though, did you get into their like that that's empathy. When we go I imagine you feel betrayed and that I'm untrustworthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, so that your sister can say, Yeah, that's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's different than I'm sorry. You know how many times and add access or sorry, and they're full of shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh my gosh. Are you kidding me, I don't want to hear another sorry I go the rest of my life without one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, sorry. Okay, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: So how do you show because you've lost some credibility so sorry. These are empty.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not because you don't mean them, but because your word doesn't have the value, it did before that betrayal, maybe. So what do you do
Gwenevere Abriel: Each time you have an opportunity to be trustworthy with your sister to repair that ruptured relationship. What do you do to keep your word to be trustworthy to show her
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can be trusted. What's a couple things you've done
Jay: Well, first of all, it's something you got to think about all the time because in order to act on it all the time. You got to think about it all the time. Well, I just pretty much basically tried to live by what I wanted, I go to work every day I wake up every morning.
Jay: You know, whenever my mom needs help. I help. That's what I work for you know what I mean.
Jay: To the customers.
Jay: I make I make it a point to go and see my niece's at least three or four times a week.
Jay: I mean, I'm getting help.
Jay: taking classes I'm doing everything I need to the tried to say so. That's all I want for me is to stay sober.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't be little things I want you to keep your eye out for like you said, I've got to be thinking about them. There's, there's probably incidents where you had a choice. You were, you were probably met with opportunity.
Gwenevere Abriel: To take to exploit and you didn't, you probably had moments where you could have fifth
Gwenevere Abriel: Had a mystery truth and only you know where that is. It could have been with me. I really could have made it didn't want to. I accept all it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to be okay we'll get through it you register those things. That's where your growth is if I'm vigilant about this every day, then each time I have a chance
Gwenevere Abriel: To just tell the truth on going to whatever comes because I don't want to feed the shame that gets activated.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I lie. I don't want to feed the addict gives him more ammunition to use against me later. See, you're just the alliance of shit, put it to me. You can't tell the truth. You're no good. Now, tell the truth anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: must remember people are going to believe you. You're going to show humility and your. I'm sorry. These will be believed, because of the person that knows that they've made a mistake or are they on a regular basis or continuously sort of saying, My bad. I literally
Gwenevere Abriel: I decided to sleep in an extra 15 minutes and I blew off the person that says that is free.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it may, you may not know that now.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I think you will. And those are the moments right they build on each other and it reinforces self efficacy, which is like. Think of it like self confidence.
Gwenevere Abriel: That says the message to the brain and the body, the soul, the spirit. I'm good enough. I'm lovable, I can make a mistake, just like everybody else.
Gwenevere Abriel: It reinforces that each time you're okay with kind of owning that she made a mistake.
Gwenevere Abriel: But when you don't share it when you don't say I screwed up a tropical island, but what I mean, are the little ones like
Gwenevere Abriel: I felt lazy. Last night I feel like emptying the trash.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you own it. You see, I'm talking about, like, if they're little, they're not I you know I sold your life savings. It's the little ones they build in a really positive way. So as you're thinking about it all day long. Yep. Do it all day long owning the truth on
Gwenevere Abriel: Who and what you are
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got a little bit of time know the end. What was that what was I going to do. Yeah. So you're going to get the email. I'm gonna, I know what I need to do I need to schedule with you.
Another appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: For march 20 meet again at this time.
Jay: I have during the 20th
The never work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see what I got.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out on the 19th at 9am that's a thirsty. What's going on then.
Jay: Nothing. I'm good man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No physical therapy.
But
Jay: Let me check real quick.
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Jay: 19th clip. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So write that in your calendar.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that time is usually so I think someone to I see why. Okay, yeah, I see why it's open. Okay, we should be good march 19 9am, you know, pop into virtual kind of 10 of five of 10 there's not too many people in there this time of morning shouldn't take too long.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to wait to hear through email. What Weston's email is all track down a signature drop it on that document and I'll send it to them.
Jay: Okay, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one more thing when you are. What's a common emotion that you feel during the day that you really don't like you ever fully anxious or angry or impatient.
Jay: A variety and depression are both my two biggest
Jay: I feel sad a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. All right. That's okay. And
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that associated with regret or this is a sad. That's really old like it's tied to really, really old stuff.
Jay: Long
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Alright, so we get. We need to get you hanging with some people that you enjoy and that are holding you up to the light, and in a positive influence in group when you are seeing. I don't know whether I did that. That group on
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting back in the community. Are there any opportunities for you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if you're not a religious dude like donating your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: To an organization and non for profit organization can feel
Jay: We did a barrel race last weekend.
Jay: I don't do stuff I do volunteer and stuff. It's just, it's still hard for me to get my self worth. So
Gwenevere Abriel: That will build it when you were doing it. Didn't you feel good about that you were doing good, and not taking from them. That's what's that's what feels sweet is
Gwenevere Abriel: We got to be really careful how much resource we have to give but we only give what we have to give open and honest, we don't overdo it. So we're exhausted.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have three hours. I'm going to give it expecting nothing in return. But no matter what you do, you do get self esteem and appreciation in return.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I really invite you to make that a priority for yourself to find it in the community. I know some of you are in sort of isolated remote areas and it is a challenge, but there's other people
Gwenevere Abriel: That want to connect with you as well. We all get that we all get that lonely stuff. And we're wired. We're literally our face is structured just the way it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: We connect. There's a reason. Okay, you have a whole group of people that you've disconnected from probably that we're hustling and they're not they're not on your, your side, they're on the attic side. So it's going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: A temporary situation this loneliness. It will change, but it will take some effort, can you spend some time seeing, seeing what you can do, maybe again over this weekend that would feel like you could do that with people at least the around them.
Gwenevere Abriel: We look into it.
Yeah. Okay. All right.
Jay: Everything's been shut down for 29 days because of that coronavirus I forgot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh. That's right.
Jay: We're supposed to go to a better race today after that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude, this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Crazy. This is Chris, I don't even know what to say. It is very unsettling. There's lots of drama over here, too. I just remembered that. And you all schools. I've got some of these my clients. Their, their kids are now at home because the schools are closed. I mean it is
Jay: Doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which makes me think about you too, and really needing you to be watching those pause all the time because
I don't want you to get sick.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, so maybe it's online for you, reading a book.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And when you do feel lonely just counter it with this is temporary.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is just temporary. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a time to get your strength up, get your self confidence up, get your self worth up when you can start to draw into your life positive people. We kind of match your self worth. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that you're sharing with them instead of needing each other to compensate. Oh, you need me. And now let's let's share. So you're working on yourself, where it's just say, Hey, this is this is a short term situation will change forever. But do keep me posted about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know if it is improving.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's see, I will see you in group. Now is there medication attached to today, or you've got it all the way
Gwenevere Abriel: Down enough for your next group.
Jay: No, I need some
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh you doing okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me send it a message to
Gwenevere Abriel: Be real
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if she's up. Who knows.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think so. Probably snoozing got eight o'clock. Your time right now. She should be. Oh.
Jay: Yeah okay we got
Jay,
Gwenevere Abriel: No, don't be shy about telling me about medication. I almost I'm almost logged off without asking you.
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Be offended, say, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm bridge to today. Could you message my doc that I need medicine to group, I'll say yes, thank you for the reminder. I won't, I won't get upset.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, alright. So Jay Williams on he needs.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get through Monday 9am are you
Jay: Are you yeah dude.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. It's eight o'clock. Oh, go, contact your PO, although probably be late. But you can reach somebody and get that email over to me. We'll get that letter out. Okay.
Jay: All right. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got be good to you.
Jay: Have a good day. You too. Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, can you hear me okay
Magan: Yes, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'm gonna go turn my and freezing and change my air while you're suddenly in
Gwenevere Abriel: It'd be hard not to talk about the coronavirus
Magan: I am so
Gwenevere Abriel: You freaked out.
Magan: I'm not freaked out. I'm I what I'm worried about
Magan: Is not so much of catching the virus.
Magan: I'm more worried about people hurting one another and getting crazy and scared when people are scared people panic and they make very poor decisions.
Magan: And
Magan: I'm already seeing a lot of that with my job and
Magan: Stores
Magan: And
Magan: So Andrew
Magan: Andrew came into contact with someone who was direct who is in direct contact with the positive recipients of the virus.
Magan: At his job. So they removed that person. The person that told that person and then they shut down the entire branch.
Magan: And he came home and he let me know he let his ex wife. No, but I let Joel know and he won't let the children come home.
Magan: So,
Magan: That sucks. Yeah.
Magan: But I understand where you're coming from. I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just this is so inconvenient i mean it's it's affecting is going to affect everyone and
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like it's affecting you right away and I can hear it.
Magan: Yeah, I just don't want to be separated from my kids because I will totally go in there and I will like guns blazing I will get my children because no I mean right now.
Magan: It's safest just in case, just in case, just in case something comes back with it and he was exposed that
Magan: They stay with their dad.
Magan: I'm just
Magan: Nervous.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not alone. Megan. We all are.
Magan: And Kenna sick. She has a cold so worried about that too.
Magan: So is everybody freaking out on your end,
Gwenevere Abriel: I use the word freaking out kind of loosely
Gwenevere Abriel: I have one child that
Gwenevere Abriel: His college was cancelled, which means he's not flying back up to New York. And so he's still here has huge implication on graduation date is there's a lot of his life. That's really contingent down to the day so it has
Gwenevere Abriel: He's having to work through that.
Magan: What about your mom and she can come to you.
Magan: Know you guys aren't gonna like get together. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I mean, because we do our exposure is pretty limited. If you think about it, we're not, we don't have to go out in the community much I'm sitting here in my own home. So
Magan: Are you stockpiled like you have
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like I'm not a good role model for the
Magan: Sort of copper kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't watch the news, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Live in my own little
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantasy
Magan: I have no choice. Everybody at work watches it and we're
Magan: We're central personnel, so I have to go and
Magan: There's no Lysol lights all the Clorox wipes are gone.
Magan: Everything is just gone and like, so I got as much as I can but
Magan: And
Gwenevere Abriel: We teach our little kids, the second day, hit it walk in the door. Wash the hands touch a bunch of things. Wash your hands. I'm telling you that handwashing
Magan: Oh yeah, I agree. I'm good one, but I
Magan: I really don't. I actually would like to stop talking about it because that's
Gwenevere Abriel: All I was about to say that. Me too.
Magan: I would like a break from it, actually. And I think that would benefit me so just breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together that. Me too. I figured, let me bring it up and now we're moving on. Nice. All right, let's have a nice belly breath.
And then
Let's do that again. Nice. Inhale to the belly.
Let's
Let it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's set an intention this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: You with yours, something you want to experience today, or maybe something you want to let go of
Gwenevere Abriel: Just set it for yourself like quiet space.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can make that happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: To see what you want.
Magan: There.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so you let me in. How can I help today.
Magan: I don't know, do you want to do, em, Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: Singh. Sure. Do I love that.
Magan: All right, let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So want to check in a little bit on it. I did a little texting and with my clients that I'm doing that with I do a little bit more. Hey, how you doing, just checking in on ya. Um, and there was some increased irritability.
Magan: irritable. Yeah.
Magan: I was very irritable.
Magan: I took it out on Andrew okay um
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to do a little differently this time around. Do you want to
Magan: I don't want to do anything different. I think it was absolutely what needs to happen.
Magan: Okay, I
Magan: Tomorrow. My mom has been dead for two years and it's her birthday.
Magan: Anniversary. Okay, so that one's the one that's sticking in my head right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you think about that. It's in your head sticking in your head. There's an anniversary coming up.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your body respond to without anniversary. How does that respond when you said
Magan: My jaws lock my
Magan: Like hurts.
Magan: Hurts I hurt.
Magan: I would
Magan: I would like to see here
Magan: So it just hurts like My heart hurts.
Magan: My tummy hurts.
Magan: It just feels like an empty like that empty spot that's there. Now I'm more aware of it at this moment. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When your mom was alive.
Gwenevere Abriel: He was alive and in your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know how she filled that void for you.
Magan: She was just
Magan: She was a lot of things.
Magan: She was a pain in the ass, to be honest, and she wasn't the best mom in the world but
Magan: I have to give her her do. She was always there.
Magan: And that's something that my father wasn't that's something that a lot of people in my life were not
Magan: That I have, you know, but even one she was mad at me, even when I was mad at her.
Magan: Even
Magan: If there was family drama. Even when I went to jail. She was still there and she showed up for things she wasn't able to say things she wasn't good with words.
Magan: But, but she was actually physically there, even if it was to fight, even if it was to argue even if it was to yell and scream and put me down. She was still there.
Magan: And that's what I'm noticing for most is that she's not there for anything and it hurts.
Magan: It's not her fault.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it's still pretty early. Two years that's that's
Magan: Not
Gwenevere Abriel: Not very long ago.
Magan: Two years. Is it feels like yesterday to be on
Gwenevere Abriel: And it makes me think for this anniversary. So it's, you said it's tomorrow.
Magan: Yeah, and tomorrow's a birthday as well. She died on my birthday.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if
Gwenevere Abriel: You did a ceremony of some kind and really made us
Magan: Well, let's me and my sister, we were going to go spread her ashes come, but we can't because all the national parks are closed.
Magan: All the plans that we have
Magan: Our country kind of placed on hold.
Gwenevere Abriel: When are you gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you gonna read something where you're going to write something
Magan: Where you're just gonna light a candle and just
Magan: Don't like pulling out her ashes, because it
Magan: It sucks.
Magan: But
Magan: I don't really know because last year I
Magan: To be quite honest. I just kind of acted like nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Well, you're a different phase of the grief process. Okay, it might be moving towards more integration.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Yeah. So let's keep brainstorming I you know me, I have no ego attached to. I might say something and you just depart from it was not yet. Nope, that's not it. Let's just see what happens if I say
Gwenevere Abriel: Your sister, and you get together and you literally make a candle, and it has her ashes in it and like that candle you share a story or you read something meaningful.
Magan: Okay, so what's what comes up for you when I do that little brainstorm. I mean, it sounds a beautiful thing but Alicia does want me near her right now because the baby.
Magan: Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now, how, how important is it to you that
Magan: Alicia has included
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, that it be on
Gwenevere Abriel: The day because we can
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, celebrate it.
Magan: It doesn't have to be on the day. And that actually you know that, honestly. Sounds like a wonderful idea. I could bring it up with to Alicia.
Magan: One thing she has mentioned, though, is that she doesn't want to separate mom's ashes or Nana's because they also have Nana's ashes in the closet right next to my mom and I'm
Magan: I think before comes time to spread her. I'm just going to take a little bit of my own, and not let her know because
Magan: I mean, they're in my closet. So did
Magan: But she she just doesn't want
Magan: Separation of it and I don't see
Magan: How that can just be only her choice. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is a moment to do something a little differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think you would like it. And I think you really don't like it when people go on and make executive decisions without your input. So you'll be doing something that you don't like done to you. So let's just keep talking about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right or wrong, whether you agree with your sister's belief system and there are a lot of departures about how you view things how you approach things your self awareness denial that whole thing is just, you guys are approaching this very differently. We different person.
Gwenevere Abriel: The more and more I see people that
Gwenevere Abriel: Can just sit with someone else's
Gwenevere Abriel: Experience and not judge it blame it criticize it. Try and talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The easier it is for this other person sister to say yes to you, but first
Gwenevere Abriel: She needs probably to feel heard, understood, and I don't think you understand Dan her perspective, I think it's really confusing to you about how to see it this way, why she hung up on the integrity of the actual staying together. I could make some sense.
Magan: It's not so much. I can see her perspective because she has explained it to me.
Magan: Okay, but she kind of lay down the law and says, No. And that's what's frustrating to me is that she's my mom kale know
Gwenevere Abriel: The only differences is you here know
Gwenevere Abriel: Your yes is still there. This is, this is a familiar swing that you make.
Gwenevere Abriel: If someone doesn't say yes to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You go to, I don't have a right anymore. They just took all my rights away. They're saying, no, it's definitive that's not actually the truth. You're yes it's still there, your preferences still right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't quite see that they're just it's just sitting there differences of opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's still more communication that's needed. There's still more
Gwenevere Abriel: I think there's somewhere to go with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Magan: I'm open to it.
Magan: I am me grab. I have to grab another water bottle for the
Magan: Sorry.
Magan: We're
Gwenevere Abriel: Starting to take a look at the notes from previous session here just to see what
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last one. Not feeling anger at present, not as it was, I want to
Win and
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to I want to believe when I hear you and my children say I'm enough but it's difficult.
Magan: I want. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to ask my mother. Why am I not enough for you children can't answer it don't understand. Gandalf and the dog looks pitiful they feel bad for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going disagrees, and turns to mother and ask the direct, direct question. Do you really believe Megan's not enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why would make him feel. She's not enough from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gwen's pretty firm with mom. She doesn't like to see the little girl hurting
Gwenevere Abriel: Gwen right the imagery of client grabs the little girl's hand and says to mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: You should be ashamed of yourself to remember that.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you did a lot of really hard work. Megan.
Gwenevere Abriel: You hear that,
Magan: Yeah, kind of.
Magan: It was pretty intense in the moment.
It right
Gwenevere Abriel: But our mind has a way of self preservation. It has a way of right we put it in the container. We put it right at the end.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the distancing leaf and it kind of moved away and then we don't have to have all of that right on the surface and slowly it can get metabolized and integrated and processed in our mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
My ears really bad right now.
Magan: I always wonder like, what does it mean I did they not pressurized or something or
I'm
Magan: Just equalize
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm. So right now, they're clear right at the second they're clear, everything's normal, it's fine. In a few seconds, they'll
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what's going on. I don't know if it's the eardrum that
Magan: It's not something that happens all the time.
Magan: Your whole life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I have a life. I think in college.
Magan: Oh my goodness. That's a long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really long time. I'm so used to it. Now I actually sometimes forget to tell my clients about this behavior. And they're like, what are you doing
Magan: Yeah, they don't fix it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I I have tried on there is the belief presently that it is my grinding of teeth so I try this. I hate those mouth guard things, but I'm doing it. I hate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't mean that much I i've tried any kind of allergy, I, I've tried. I stopped eating sugar stopped drinking creamer with
Gwenevere Abriel: Chemicals I've tried, no dairy. I've tried and just eating. I've tried to rule out
Magan: Whatever the physiological issue.
Magan: Yeah, it's not like like it's not like it seems like almost anatomy or something, something inside of the ear canal.
Magan: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I said I thought it was water. I thought maybe water was caught in there. So it's been a lot of times trying to dry my ear, because it feels like if you're going on an airplane right or going underwater. It's pressure but if
Gwenevere Abriel: I can then there's other it's so unpredictable. I don't know if it's barometric pressure or something, I don't know. I could go, I could sometimes I haven't recently gone days without it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, it makes no sense to me.
Magan: Um, what would drive me insane.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could go insane. It is really annoying but right now. Like right now, I'm fine.
Magan: What if you keep like a you know those earphone things that you push inside of your ears to keep the sound out. What if you kept those in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wouldn't be able to do my job, but also it would probably be useful to know that I actually wear them all night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, just because of sound.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I use wax. So it really pulls on them so
Gwenevere Abriel: damaging the eardrum. I mean, I have. I've had a line years to think about what the
Magan: Name.
Gwenevere Abriel: I completely hydrated. All I do is just water. Water, water, water, water, it makes that then do it. Is it food, more food less food I played with that I
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't. I had
Magan: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Cookie. Alright, but we do have a reprieve from it right now, which is nice. So let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: But as soon as I swallow it comes back up. Okay, let's see here.
Gwenevere Abriel: The negative cognition of I'm not enough. Let's do a little check in.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do one to 10 How true is that today.
Magan: Or
Magan: If I were to like really apply it to myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And try and catch your first response to this now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Evan. Evan. Okay. And the one you wanted
Gwenevere Abriel: I see what the positive one. Was I am enough
Gwenevere Abriel: I am enough
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, that one's a scale of one to seven. How true is it right now, today.
Magan: To
Was it before.
Magan: It goes for
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not enough was
Gwenevere Abriel: You went down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Magan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I don't see where
Gwenevere Abriel: It's transcribed what the other one was though.
Gwenevere Abriel: But today we have
Gwenevere Abriel: The positive cognition SATA to I am enough. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we do some positive inner weaving like I like that one. That's, that's a nice feeling spend some time, and especially since you said that you've had some some irritability and that question I asked earlier, really. Do you want to do it differently. What I meant about that was
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people, this is enough I typed up and I write all that things on pissed off about
Gwenevere Abriel: To Andrew and I
Gwenevere Abriel: I printed and tucked away somewhere I dated timestamp when it goes away, or I delete it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of sharing it with the person if you don't think it's productive if you don't think it's right.
Magan: Wait wait wait wait wait like doing it in here or do I do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your life that when that irritability. In other words, honor their ability on or whatever it is that's coming up for you. But, see if you can channel it in a way that
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't self destruct. I don't know if it's if it's doing harm.
Magan: Oh, it was, it was definitely doing harm was irritable and snappy, not just with him that I was more vulnerable with him, definitely, like it was easier with him and with the kids, but it was there at work at home around him. I was I was definitely irritable.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may want to try it. It's, it's kind of a neat thing because when you can't even you write it all out. Just, just to all of the up just raw LIKE YOU SON OF A you wish you would murder. Murder wrote it. Just let it all out and you can kind of see it on the page.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, really know what to give that to them, you know, I'm not going to get that to him. That's
Magan: What's that going to do is
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just gonna I on with this person. I could leave I have choice. I don't think that'll make a difference. It's just gonna be an argument.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you may decide you want to share something just less intensely or something. But at least you have a chance to slow time down
Gwenevere Abriel: You now have the ability to look at it and make a decision and choice. So I want to share the content of my irritability, because what if part of the heightened irritability, has to do with a byproduct of this Cmdr. And maybe you want to postpone
Gwenevere Abriel: Sharing what's been upsetting you, until it's safer your confidence is is more, there are. I don't know what, maybe that is really a petty concern and maybe there's a bigger issue. I mean, it could be any number of things, but you may
Magan: All start with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And shred it
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only you know whether it's safe to store it.
Magan: Well, I used to give. I used to write and I gave my journals to my mom next to hide at her house and I locked them in a box and I put up a combo and she didn't even know it like so she didn't have access to it either. But now that she's gone.
Magan: They're gone. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, this would just be a really specific thing for a while. Just to see how that feels. To do discharge it onto the page. YOU'RE NOT DISRUPTING relationship. This way, it's reinforcing this you can process with information on your own and just see what happens just tried a couple times.
Magan: I'll give it a go. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's let's see what we got, we've got we've got our dragon. We've got when you've got Gandalf for a protective figures. We've got nurturing the dog, and we've got my children. Okay, now have those transformed at all. Are there new images that are come up
Magan: No, I was just more surprised at how
Magan: Present, you were
Magan: Right, I really was. I was like holy shit man like you really feel especially in those moments.
Magan: A trusted
Magan: Conrad like a
Magan: Not just a comrade, but like a paternal figure, almost. It's really weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Now you said paternal
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be father. Does it feel more like that more of a more of the masculine sense
Magan: Because only because you become
Magan: You became because in here. You're, you're more more feminine more
Magan: Not delicate but
Magan: But in that moment, you just felt more real life.
Magan: And that's, that's why I would say the more masculine side.
Magan: But you can't but
Magan: I get this even there was maternal there as well. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's the hand holding there was pulling
Gwenevere Abriel: Away, but ultimately what we're looking for. And you found it was there something in here that there's a quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something I do something I have done that you trust the quality of protection that
Magan: Exactly. It's, it's a safe space.
Magan: You were, you were very present for that, that I didn't even know it would happen, but it did.
Magan: So I was like, what do you know, and
Magan: I knew that there was an underlying trust that has been rightfully earned and but I didn't realize that it was to that point to that degree that. Because for me that's a lot. That's a big step for me so
Magan: Having imagery like that and having
Magan: That feeling was
Magan: A good, a good feeling, but also
Magan: A LITTLE OVERWHELMING and intimidating, because, oh shit. What if she would have would have said ends badly, too.
Magan: And I do think about that. And I know it's bad, but I do now, I've given that to somebody else.
Magan: You know what I mean. And so that can be a delicate
It.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's actually deserving of it doesn't really belong so much Dr. Is it that would be interpersonal therapy. And that's always going on with us. That's an underlying piece all throughout
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Magan: I
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I think it might be something to
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we just do a little piece of it.
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you just share with me what it was like for you because you just alluded to it. But this time, you'll share directly with me what it was like for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To have me as the quality protective to your show up.
Magan: It was
Magan: Scary.
Magan: Relieving
Magan: Surprising comforting.
Magan: There are so many mixed feelings going on with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have the mixture because right now that's all well scary.
Magan: It was vulnerability. So there was vulnerable illness. There is a there's a fear. There's a fear that
Magan: Is
Magan: Like, like I said, like you could let me down, what if what if everything goes to shit between us in therapy. And what if that trust is broken. What if
Magan: What if just what if galore come up and
Magan: I have so many of those in my life.
Magan: Now that that that basis is there.
Magan: What happens, what am I left with
Magan: Will I be alone again life will I fuck this up, will I not be enough. Will it not meet
Magan: Those, what will I not
Magan: To put into words will I not
Magan: Will I fail. Yeah. Do you know, do you know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, do so. Is there more. I mean, well let me let you know what I heard you were surprised how that imagery JUST CAME UP THERE SHE WAS THERE WAS THERE, THERE WAS IN THE imagery, the one that had the ability to be firm and communicate with your mom and protect you and really not.
Magan: Wireless. That's what it is you
Magan: Communicated for me that's what it was. So it was you said what I couldn't say you you
Magan: You
Magan: You were the first one you were the one that laid it out there. You were the protector one you were the
Magan: The strong one. The confident one, the one that was not willing to accept.
Magan: Will not willing to accept that answer.
Magan: Do you know what I mean. And, and the fact that it was you was like, well, this is so very surprising to me, but I think it is because
Magan: You, you are a very present part of my life. And, you know, some very, very, very
Magan: Personal vulnerable things about me and
Magan: To give somebody that kind of trust. I can't even give my husband that trusted that degree so
Magan: I would there things what I thought would pop up didn't and what get pop up with you and I was like holy shit. So it was very surprising, but it wasn't bad. But it is scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so we're gonna we're going to do a little bit more analysis, a little bit more processing of the scary. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What that is, first I want to go to
Gwenevere Abriel: This imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it forced upon you. Did I say, I want you to think about, think about when doing this and this, or did you come up with that on your
Magan: Role it came like I noticed that as we were progressing with the session. And I'm thinking of
Magan: A bit I'm not thinking, but you're guiding it
Magan: But
Magan: I am
Magan: You get like you're not planting a seed. You're not forcing it on me. You're giving me room to accept it myself. Find the feeling myself. Find the grounds of of what's going on myself.
Magan: And literally what came up is what came up so
Magan: I don't see how that could be
Magan: Mm hmm.
Magan: Or a miscued you know what an
Magan: Excuse. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so hold on to that. So you you're endorsing this came from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now. Now see if you recognize any of the attributes and that imagery of what kind of organically happened with Gwen right with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture that I want you to see just sort of volley back and forth.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it about when what is it about when even right now and then go to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know to I have those two I see them in one or maybe it's just the imagery, maybe it's not me right in front of you don't know you decide, do I have that to just go back and forth. What do I have in common with her just nice and slow, maybe a split screen here's when
Magan: Yours, you would be
Okay.
Magan: Honesty would be the first one that comes up.
Magan: A mother.
Mother.
Magan: Wife.
Magan: Daughter
Magan: Friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Quality of protector.
Magan: Mother.
Magan: Bear like mama, mama bear
Magan: Empathetic like
Magan: Tender.
Magan: Reassuring
Magan: What is the word. It is
Magan: Like where you give somebody that push
Magan: Encouraging. Thank you. I couldn't think of it.
Magan: I think those would be something this. Yeah, that's what I would see in that
Magan: Especially for that session.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do this. We've got a little bit of time you've got your two containers. They're there. I saw you measuring shoulder width apart. They're about the same height.
Magan: Yeah, their exact same bottle. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think what I'd like you
Gwenevere Abriel: To consider is
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the more intense or most intense moments where
Gwenevere Abriel: That sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that imagery, whatever you had or maybe something new comes up, but the most intense image around. I'm not enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: And all you have to do is just hold that image. Maybe it was you could see yourself talking to someone, or you feel. I don't know what it is that you can hold that just that piece. And so that's an image you hold the picture in your working memory. And then I want you to pull in
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm enough
Gwenevere Abriel: And hold those two things together.
Magan: That is really hard because the I'm not enough is very
Magan: It's ugly. It's disgusting.
Magan: Okay.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: This sounds like
Magan: The imagery is disgusting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the imagery is disgusting. So, so this is this is part of the desensitization part and this is why the warning is out there that there will be increased, irritability, maybe for you because that's what's happening. And then there's
Gwenevere Abriel: The idea of possibly some intruding nightmares. Some images that come right
Magan: That happened. I did have some nightmares.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, some nightmares. Yeah, so tell you something. Megan, your body wants to heal. It's, it's, it's trying to integrate those things and have a landing place and we have a chance to do that. You don't have to tell me the distressing images you
Magan: I can tell you the image when you said
Magan: When you said I'm not enough.
Magan: I have imagery of me naked.
Magan: Kind of curled up in a ball.
Magan: And my brother is behind me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what is interesting about that is, and this might be a symptom of the tele health is it was actually the affirmative was was a positive one that I asked you to hold puts I am enough
Magan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it didn't work. You went either it was the tele health, but something happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Magan: Oh, I see what you mean. So the communication with lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Haha, yeah.
Magan: Okay. So yeah, that's the one that stuck it just stuck there. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the desensitization if you let it happen if you if you can kind of trust in it a little bit. That's what this bilateral stimulation does
Magan: So what do I do
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm good. We're going to do it. Now, why don't we, why don't we shift gears and instead, what I want you to do is ask you to hold that image that you just described.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this time I want you to picture your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because what you're describing
Gwenevere Abriel: Is flesh and you didn't have this team with you. Okay. He didn't have this team cognitively spiritually psychologically didn't have it then. So just let let this this technique work for you. So here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this is a positive we've which means these iterations, the bilateral will be slow. Okay, so here we go. I'm going to pull up the WORST piece of it. And I want you to bring the quality of your team to your awareness and you have access and you can access
Gwenevere Abriel: Protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: And wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: My short duration in in Hell to the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you exhale, I want you to just blank out your mind. Let it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: And in that quiet space.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just pay attention to the first thing that comes up.
Magan: My room my room.
Magan: Like this secret room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good pace worse in my room, your secret place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Belly breath. And then nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you.
Magan: I want to go I okay I'm I'm there.
Magan: With that image image naked.
Magan: And he's buying
Magan: Lola's there.
Magan: She's gonna buy
Gwenevere Abriel: My care.
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So with that,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pray together. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, nice and slow, really slow. So, so, so, so, exhale
Magan: Lola's gonna bite.
Magan: You're
Magan: Putting your handout for me to grab
Gwenevere Abriel: To go
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's he doing
Magan: He's biting.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I saw to
Gwenevere Abriel: Together.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so what did you see what
Magan: I see that image will have biting you're reaching and the door to the room is there and I want to get to it, but I can't. I can't move.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this last piece. See if you can get one of those resources to help you get remember there's magic in that room there's a magic compartment in there with a magic wand and that magic can get to you.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When's reaching there's this reaching I can't quite get to it, go with that.
What's coming up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: thoughts and beliefs that passed by. What are they
Magan: I see that. Let me turn this off.
Magan: Lewis biting.
Magan: And the light like I see his leg. Think what Paul's like he's being pulled and drug away.
Magan: And and it's away from the room and I want I'm seeing like the door open.
Magan: I can't, I can't find what you're telling me to look for. I can't find that piece. It's supposed to come out.
Magan: I just I just see
Magan: The hand the dog.
Magan: And me and I'm naked and I'm covering my body up and I don't want to move because I'm ashamed. I think it's gross. I think it's disgusting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So, look at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do I think you're disgusting your tiny little body to I think it's disgusting. What do I want to do with the tiny body.
Magan: You want me to get up and
Magan: You would put a blanket. That's what would come up like a blanket or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that. Ready, breathe, keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the mama bear
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing comforting tender reassuring.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the protection combination of nurturing reassuring.
Keep breathing.
Keep
Gwenevere Abriel: The thoughts going through your mind.
Magan: Relief that you are there, you have
Magan: Something to cover me with
Magan: Was pulling him away.
Magan: Or JJ can are not there. They're there because I know they're part of the team, but I don't want them to see this. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How can you get to the room.
Magan: I'm just
Magan: Face facing you face into, you know, your chest. Like, I don't want to see anything. I don't want to look at. And you know, I can hear Lola hurting him and he's yelling, screaming
Gwenevere Abriel: Urine okay we're okay. We're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: See, we are okay. We're here today. Okay, keep breathing.
Okay.
Last
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhale, letting it all go this morning. Let it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Let your mind go blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever imagery. You don't want to work through. Now as we come closer to the end of the hour lunch did put it on that leaf.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you and I and the quality of your children just the quality of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the dog Gandalf. We're all there with you and you don't have to even watch the leaf. You can stay nestled in the chest wrapped and safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just getting further and further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And feel the warmth
Gwenevere Abriel: Reached out to you and to care of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing to do
Gwenevere Abriel: You are okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tune into the body to a scan see
Gwenevere Abriel: How the theater doing
Gwenevere Abriel: check in and see if there's any blood down here, see if they're cold or warm if there's motion.
Magan: There is now that you said it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that move up the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the ankles and calves and shins, let it move through the knees and
Gwenevere Abriel: Let calm and relax muscle be possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Warm thighs, letting them rest heavy on the chair just letting it rest. There's blood. They're not all the blood
Gwenevere Abriel: Just some
Gwenevere Abriel: And scan up the body to your seat bones and
Gwenevere Abriel: To your belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up the neck.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the jaw.
Gwenevere Abriel: The ears and into the eye sockets and needed a nasal passage, and then up over the forehead.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the top of your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe we revisit the hands. Let's check and see if there's blood there if there's
Gwenevere Abriel: Their warm or cold. There's tingling. If there's comfort or distress just just didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Check the risks for arms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Checking elbows.
Gwenevere Abriel: And those large muscle groups also in our biceps.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let them be warm and resting heavily just resting not needing to be on alert me just rest.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sit with that truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing to fix, nothing to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Just present
Gwenevere Abriel: turning inward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a look at the intention that she said earlier in the day and
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you found your way to
Gwenevere Abriel: To making that possible for yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just being compassionate witness. That's all.
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just spend a little bit of time kind of process a little bit don't have to too much time but no one's knocking at my door right now we're okay.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's important for you. What do you, what do you noticing. It's important.
Magan: What's important that that I'm noticing is that I caught up in that imagery
Magan: And that's a big deal for me.
Magan: Because that's a real image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Magan: So that's something that really happened.
Magan: And that's one that that is very, very intrusive for me. Yeah.
Magan: And you went there. I did and
Magan: That's what I find surprising. With the EM dr is that it's not controlled it, it's literally what is happening in my brain. Yeah, and it's like a new have no idea.
Magan: So that's what I find so
Magan: That's what I find so surprising. It's terrifying because some stuff that's coming up in my brain. I know that stuff. And I've tried to not think about that stuff so much and I'm very good at pushing it away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it terrifying.
Magan: It was overwhelming.
Magan: But
Magan: I don't know if that was the MD or are not. But you were keeping me focused on a goal. So the fact that that was there was not as suffocating as it always seems okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So you you revisit it that imagery and had a different experience of it.
Magan: Exactly so that that experience still there, but
Magan: It's different now there's different things have been played out with it now and that's
Magan: In it, I don't even know what to make of it. I really don't.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to understand some things for the things to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't have to have insight into it and understand something. I have no idea how this thing works, none of
Gwenevere Abriel: It works done the same. I don't understand what the spleen does
Magan: I don't, but it works.
It works.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I tried to explain these things, but this is such a complex intervention, because it isn't just in VR, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Attachment focused and Dr. So our relationship is an integral part of what
Gwenevere Abriel: We're doing
Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You did, hard, hard work.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do. You can't do it wrong. You did it perfectly.
Magan: Thank you for supporting me
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. It's my pleasure my privilege. Honestly, my privilege.
Magan: Thank you very much, but I'll let you go. So you can go to your next person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention to what comes up, if it turns
Magan: Down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, write it down and either you can bring it to me. You can do things like if you want you can take a picture, you could send it to send an email if you want it says, share it with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can make it our focus next time. If you need to, you could schedule another appointment, you're working very hard at something so
Gwenevere Abriel: This, this may continue to feel a little challenging as those those images there in a network that's kind of cut off from the rest of you in your brain. And so we're slowly getting some connections to it right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And some memory some fragments may come up. Just be again compassionate witness that would be normal. It would be typical for that to be happening when normally you've been cut off from those memories. So again, don't be surprised if it's worse before it gets better kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't forget to reach out to me.
Magan: Okay, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: That letter writing stuff. Okay. Yeah.
Magan: I'll make that a goal this week.
Magan: And thank you, thank you. I have you next Friday. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you then.
Magan: Okay. All right. Thank you. When you have a good day.